docs/about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about
---

This is a tech blog by me, Alex Fraser. It will mostly be about AI developments and AI safety, and serves as a place for me to gather my thoughts as I learn. I make no claim about the correctness of what I post here.

The name was given by ChatGPT (gpt-3.5-turbo-0301).

> ## The Ebonfire Egg
> The enigmatic Ebonfire Egg is spoken of as a legendary artifact of immense power. Contrary to its name, this remarkable object takes the form of a roughly pyramid or arrowhead shape, its smooth obsidian surface exuding an otherworldly iridescence.
>
> Legends claim that the Ebonfire Egg possesses the extraordinary ability to grant immortality to whoever possesses it. The promise of eternal life has captivated the imaginations of countless adventurers throughout history, drawing them into perilous quests in search of this mystical relic.
>
> However, the Ebonfire Egg comes with a dire warning: if it is dropped or mishandled, it triggers a cataclysmic explosion of dark energy. This explosion not only obliterates the egg itself but also unleashes a wave of destructive force that engulfs the surrounding area, causing immense devastation and claiming the lives of all nearby.
>
> This duality of promise and peril makes the quest for the Ebonfire Egg both alluring and treacherous. The temptation of eternal life is balanced by the constant danger of unleashing untold destruction. It tests the courage and wisdom of those who seek it, as they must navigate through numerous challenges and moral dilemmas to harness its power or ensure its safe containment.
>
> Legends warn that only the most virtuous and worthy individuals, who can resist the temptations of limitless power and act responsibly, may safely possess the Ebonfire Egg and unlock its true potential.

Commit message:

Added image of the Egg and a set of favicons

docs/about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about
---

This is a tech blog by me, Alex Fraser. It will mostly be about AI developments and AI safety, and serves as a place for me to gather my thoughts as I learn. I make no claim about the correctness of what I post here.

![Rendering of the Ebonfire Egg](/assets/egg-large.jpg)

> ## The Ebonfire Egg
> The enigmatic Ebonfire Egg is spoken of as a legendary artifact of immense power. Contrary to its name, this remarkable object takes the form of a roughly pyramid or arrowhead shape, its smooth obsidian surface exuding an otherworldly iridescence.
>
> Legends claim that the Ebonfire Egg possesses the extraordinary ability to grant immortality to whoever possesses it. The promise of eternal life has captivated the imaginations of countless adventurers throughout history, drawing them into perilous quests in search of this mystical relic.
>
> However, the Ebonfire Egg comes with a dire warning: if it is dropped or mishandled, it triggers a cataclysmic explosion of dark energy. This explosion not only obliterates the egg itself but also unleashes a wave of destructive force that engulfs the surrounding area, causing immense devastation and claiming the lives of all nearby.
>
> This duality of promise and peril makes the quest for the Ebonfire Egg both alluring and treacherous. The temptation of eternal life is balanced by the constant danger of unleashing untold destruction. It tests the courage and wisdom of those who seek it, as they must navigate through numerous challenges and moral dilemmas to harness its power or ensure its safe containment.
>
> Legends warn that only the most virtuous and worthy individuals, who can resist the temptations of limitless power and act responsibly, may safely possess the Ebonfire Egg and unlock its true potential.

The name and description of the Egg were given by [ChatGPT](https://chat.openai.com) (gpt-3.5-turbo-0301), and the image was rendered by [Stable Diffusion 2.1 on Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/spaces/stabilityai/stable-diffusion).
